Hello, everyone.
This is my favorite problem from before says not favorite, but not the favorite problem from good voices.
It's regarding DP and it will give you a deep insight on what is anime programming.
A little.
Hello.
I'm taking this problem because I want you to understand because I know you understood.
How is Eliot's problem working right?
How are the connections being made?
Of course we didn't optimize it, but still we understood how it actually working and how to solve that
problem.
Well, this is a problem of the Elias problem, I'd say.
And I want you to.
Deep dive into this problem.
So this is good sequences and it's from content number 264.
So you can really you can Google good sequences or forces quickly boils of you do you read the problem
yourself right yourself, of course.
And by using the alias approach that we discussed and then of course we'll discuss it encoded as well.
So we have a squirrel list and.
Yeah.
Okay.
So she thinks and indeed is even doing a good mine and now she's invested in good sequences.
The sequence which is what makes one we.
You can be any number from one twin it's called good if it satisfied the following three condition there
does trigger nations rate sequences strictly increasing rate so they strictly uh, the sequence is strictly
increasing, which is the elegance rate.
So it is clearly is basically well the first condition is very clear.
The sequence has to be increasing.
The second condition is the most important one, which is.
Nor do I think elements are coping.
It is dcd off so we know where it is go prime rate.
If two elements have equal to one, that means the greatest comedy of either of them is fine.
They don't have any other movies in common except for one.
That means they are coupling.
Otherwise they're not so, nor too a distinct element of coping.
In fact, if I'm digging two up as a number in the series that I can take forward, I can take six.
I can read into it as a next number in the set.
I'm taking six.
I can take it as well.
Nine as with eight voicing nine because nine and six.
I'm not complaining with eight.
Yeah.
So.
And all the elements of the sequence are good integers.
And what are good integers?
Good integer?
Nothing but even two in which is already given to us.
It will start.
Condition is not that heavy.
First condition is also not that heavy anyway because first condition simply say that it should be in
a clean breathing sequence.
And if you.
See this, that if you see the input that it's given to us, it simply says that we have a single space
separated list of good integers and instantly increasing order.
But they they're already strictly increasing.
What I have to avoid.
So basically what I have.
Let me.
I conclude this?
We have we have an increasingly increasing sequence already and we already have any is in sequence.
You don't have to started it now.
We just have to find out a sequence within the sequence, basically a sub sequence of this letter that
no to a different elements are copying.
But it what example it see the example.
The first example is 523468, which is five the length of the sequence.
Two, three, four, six, nine full.
Tell me, guys, if I start with two.
I can include three road, but I can include Ford and Active or I can include six as well because Ford
and six are not.
We'll bring it.
So it's very clearly stated that a dissent elements.
Are not cooperating.
It doesn't mean that the first and the last element or some other element, it just says that the enduring
elements are not.
And after six air conditioning here, we can see that to a 9:00 go primary, but to a nine to in nine
at not adjacent.
I'm not making this connection.
The connection is from 2 to 4 and 4 to 6 and 6 to 9.
Some of you might be wondering, okay, so what did you have to enforce?
What did your studio four and six it's two.
And what are the of six in nine it's.
But basically what I mean to say I mean to say that.
This is a valid sequence.
Two, four, six, nine, eight.
And what is the length of the sequence?
It's four.
So.
Is there any other sequence which at a higher end than this?
I don't think so.
Right.
So.
So let's go back and apply the brute force approach.
And brute force approach would be very simple.
We all know that what we can do is.
Yeah.
For each element.
But each element, what we'll do is I'll simply go back.
I'll check whether it's a crime or not in a or detect whether it's less than equal to or not.
But in this, I don't have to check that it's already an increasing sequence in the input.
I just have to check whether the current element and the previous element whose ending I want are cool
or not.
If they're not coping, I'll take the maximum ending rate to basically something like this.
We have already discussed that affixes equals to max of.
A phase where VI is less than X and ia of VI.
But it is just as it can put.
And a away from my ex.
Registry is greater than one.
Always very simple.
Out of all those, I take the maximum one and I just simply stored it.
For example, if I start with this, if I started with this two, then what I can see looking for the
first one, it will be one only for three where I can see I go back and check whether is there any number
whose disagree with three is greater than one eight.
But we can see there's no such numbers.
Again, it will be one what food?
What cannot come after three because three and four to cooperate, but it can come after two.
That means what is the best ending?
The two can give it one.
So one plus one is two.
What about six?
Six can come after three.
It's going to go off two, four and six can also come after two.
You just said all three options because you see three of six with all three is not one.
What is the best option that success?
It has this two, basically two plus one is Reno eight.
And finally, we have nine nine.
Okay, let me.
What about nine?
So nine can be after six, it can use six ending as well because we're just talking about edges in numbers
eight.
Can it come after four?
No rate nine and four digits?
It will be, but it can come up to three.
Right.
And it go after two.
No.
Eight out of these two options, what is the best ending that that nine is the time to take it.
You take three, three plus one is four.
Basically what's up?
And also, we know that it's not necessarily that they will end on the last element only it can in anyway.
So but in this case, it's ending on the last element.
Worst dancer.
Dancer.
Two simple images.
But so instead of checking whether it is increasing or not, I just checked whether they are better.
They are cool, but I wasn't at all.
So this was a brute force approach.
But what will be the complexity of this?
The complexity of this will be off and square because for every element I'm going back in the decree
and moving forward, they.
But guys, tell me, can there be a better approach?
Because, of course, we are talking about computer programming right now, and this will be slightly
more tricky going forward.
So this was the basic brute force approach.
But of course, this won't work because the value of any standard above five inch square will be ten
to the power ten, which won't appear in 2 seconds.
It will take more.
We all know this raid.
Yeah.
So it's a slightly computer programming touch here that I'm taking because I want you to understand
this problem will help you understand many of the problems said.
I want to do it in a better approach.
So what I can do is simple, right?
Let me let me.
Let me read this.
Or.
But tell me, why did I see that Siskin come off the forum and OP six can be appended to four in the
sequence because six users are two, three and six of course.
But let's only talk about primary reasons.
If I want to find out whether it's common, why, I'd go promote an art.
And what I'll do is I can simply find out what I'm doing.
This affects I can simply find out prime to the survey and check whether any one of the primary readers
is common or not.
That will help me write.
I don't have to find out all the diseases, only the primary business.
Therefore it's what I eventually mean it.
And similarly for food, I have to as a primary viewer and we see that two is common in both.
That means six and four can never be prime numbers because they have a prime divisor in common.
Right?
So I'll be using this approach.
Of rhyme devises.
And if to add to elements of steam primary visas, I will simply.
Abandoned.
And now how will I check this book?
I won't check.
Or the two elements.
Okay, let's look at this.
Look, I'm just listing down the primary beauties of.
Two, four, three, three, four, four, two, two, four.
Tickets to win 349.
It is the.
Well, it's just trying to send this.
And it's a very, very nice approach.
What I've done is I have just I have all the primary videos of all these values that are there in this
area.
And I can easily find out the prime leaders of all these values and why a root of a every square root
of these values and square root is the time complexity.
We all know this.
But if you look, you might also be new to the course and you might also not know that it's a it can
be achieved using number three.
But let's talk about it later.
Right.
This this will not affect a solution.
But these are the primary uses of it.
Now.
And just give me a sec.
In the table is key.
Eight.
Starting and get this.
And this is an industry which is it will tell me what is the best standing for a prime to be accommodated.
Best ending.
For a primary reason.
Right.
What's the best ending for a family with that end in this?
Right now, I have just to read this new entry.
So let me quickly, you know, one, two, three.
So during the night, not prime numbers and two entry, right?
I'd have them zero one.
So this is a primary, basically primary.
Right.
And this will tell me what's the best ending that a number has.
And it also has to do with it has to fate, basically.
Okay, let's go step by step before two.
We know it will be one.
That means the best ending.
Now a prime number two can provide.
Is what I what I'll do is I'll update one here as well.
Just get to this point.
What I'm doing is what these two achieved that.
It's brand new.
That is true, right?
And the best ending of two initially was zero because we are just starting.
So do you, as a prime TV user, can provide the best ending, which is one upgrade in both the series?
And let's move to three.
But I saw that he only has one primary visit rate.
Of course, he's very eager to prove it.
That is, if trip can be upended behind any number in this particular problem.
It simply means they should have a common primary visa instead of finding that number.
What I'm doing is I'm using these primary visas as a method to approach to that number.
Basically, right now, three has how much it has zero we can easily see on the writing because the
best ending that because apparently visa can provide is zero.
So what else do we then simply have?
Zero.
I simply have one over here and an the 0 to 1.
Full knowledge come to fort and inform.
I see that only two is the primary visit of Fort eight.
But if two is the only band with the fort, what's the best ending you can provide as a prime number
eight?
What it will do is what is this?
Choosing the best ending?
Who is a prime number is providing is one that means what?
Wherever the best ending is, it's somewhere on the left.
Right.
Of course, I know we can see it's on two, but it's somewhere on the left.
And it is it it has to with its primary reason, I can connect that primary visit to the current primary
reserve to it.
So what I'll do is I'll simply update here.
Why?
Because the best ending to can give me is one.
And right now, this also has to whether to do business.
So I increase the talent rate.
Here.
I'm trying to connect using primary business and not directly numbers and simply update this to that.
The best ending no primary user as a tool can provide is to and which is on this for.
Oh, no.
Yeah.
Now let's understand this part, this six.
Six has to do with this.
One is two women with one is two and the other is 3 to 6 can connect with any of the numbers which has
to in its primary visit or to the end.
It's going to be with a rate.
What's the best ending that six can get if it tries to connect with two?
As a prime debater, it will get the ending is right.
So this tool gives its ending the best ending that is given to the six two.
And if it tries to connect with someone with which who has it in its prime duties, then it will be
one.
But that reconnection, this disconnection is actually.
And going to with the six eight.
So we know right through you can connect with six.
Yeah.
What the best ending the trees providing.
It's fun.
Which ending would you like to take?
Would you like to take?
It was best ending or three the best ending.
It would like to do with anything because it has a higher leant rate.
So what it will do.
It will do.
And.
Now.
The answer here will be three because two lending is what is existing, plus one because six is already
included.
Right.
It's very similar to the previous problem.
Of the earliest problem rate.
The best answer if the current.
I think I don't have to write it.
The best answer if current element is considered just like the alligator problem.
It's why I'm taking this now.
Now, here's the important part.
Let's go slow in this.
So they know we were on six and we saw the best ending that.
X provides.
This tree is indeed the best ending.
The tool also provides.
This to.
This, too, is a brain.
It provides this best ending, which is three.
And isn't that also the best handling that this trio also provides?
So if there's a sequence which ends.
Of leant four on six.
Then any other number we just do in its brainteaser can use this six.
Any other than a movie which has three in its primary music can also use this six as the previous number.
It can also use it for basically.
This story will also be updated to.
Uh, I hope you got my point.
I am.
Because initially if if this success tree it means this time with the prime is also providing tree as
a tent and this tree is also providing it as a tree as it's in its land.
Well, now, what's the next thing?
The next thing is.
Now let's come on nine and let's find the best ending the nine in nine as a prime loser with just three
eight.
So.
This three can use the best ending the tree provides.
Eight.
What is the best ending that tributes?
It's three right now.
Three plus one is for.
It is providing the best training from here.
Similarly, this ending is actually coming from this too.
Which is it?
And.
Let me.
Basically it's of in that area.
I'll just simply make this area and then it's coming from you edges into an adjacent to again and then
this are just entry.
I hope you're getting the point.
If so, here we are just playing with primary with this and nothing.
It's.
Okay.
So let's see.
It was not six.
And it was also not nine at 16.
Some values.
I just want to add one more prime.
And there's nothing else.
It's selective.
One more time, which is by eight.
The fire will come again.
So this becomes a de.
And, uh, let's say it is three and five and, uh.
It's going to fortify.
It is the 40 babies, but only those of three and five is for it.
So that I know what will happen is a lecture.
We are here on 30 and we can easily see that the best ending.
Let me raise this.
So we know there are two wars giving, one doing the best training, and three was giving.
One is the best training.
Now here we can see two is giving.
Two is the best ending.
He's giving one of the best earning, but five is giving zero the best training for now.
Well, this study will, of course, try to take this to an add three to here, etc..
Now what will happen?
Now all these values, the values of all these prime numbers will change.
Eight.
What will be the values here?
The value here will be three, three and three, four, five is five because now the next number can
connect.
Using five is.
Eight.
That means 45 can come after 30 via because it has a five.
This five needs to also be updated.
I hope you're are getting this.
And similarly, guys try and apply the same logic to the next input and see what's the best answer you're
getting.
It doesn't put.
Do some rough work and see how the connections are being made.
Just use the prime divisors of those numbers.
Actually, these numbers do not matter.
They just use the primary visas and and priority of those of any of the numbers are very less.
I think they're less than log in as well for any number.
So yeah, that's the whole point of this problem.
And we'll call it in part.
Thanks.